













Refund and Returns Policy - Ander Baher


















































































































































































 










































Skip to navigation


Skip to content






















Your Cart






















 
 




















 
































Search for:








 




My Account
 
 


 










₹
0.00








0




































Welcome


Magazine


Get Free Quote


Shop


Contact Us




Enquiries




Jobs at Ander Baher


Collaborate As An Expert


Become a Vendor






Image Feature
Bangalore


Image Feature
 
Mumbai






Help




Browse




Refund and Returns


Privacy Policy


Terms and Conditions










About Us


 






AI Designer
 


Try Our New AI Designer (Upcoming!)
















₹
0.00








0
























Home
 / 
Refund and Returns Policy
 








Refund and Returns Policy
 


















Canceling an Order or Part of an Order
Time Frame – 
If you change your mind after placing an order, you can cancel the order (or part of the order) within 07 (Seven) days of the order confirmation, or before it is shipped, whichever is earlier.
Fee – 
Cancellation fees (if any) will be vendor-initiated and will be the same as those disclosed to you during placing the order, so they will be applied to the amount paid by you while processing the refund. Any cashback earned on the order prior to the cancellation will be deducted from Ander Baher Credits / Wallet. If the same cashback has been used completely or partially to place another order, the cashback amount will be deducted from the refund amount of the canceled product.
How to Initiate a Cancellation Request?
Go to the My Orders section on the My Account page
Click the ‘Cancel Item’ button against the Item you want to cancel.
If you checked out as a Guest User (i.e. you have not registered on anderbaher.in website), please get in touch with our Customer Care team to initiate a cancellation.
Please go through our Policy ahead to understand the refund process and timelines.
How to Initiate a Return Request?
Time Frame – 
You can return an item within 07 (Seven) days of the item being delivered to you. Return requests are not accepted after 07 (seven) days from the date of delivery.
For Registered Users –
Login to Your Account > Go to the My Orders section in ‘My Account’.
Click on ‘Return This Product’ next to the product name that you want to return
Select the ‘Reason’ and upload the supporting images.
Write your comments in the dialog box provided and submit the request
Return related Image Upload  – 
Click Product Images – To raise a return request, you should click 2-3 clear photographs of the item in question. Below are the guidelines to follow while taking the photographs.
1-2 images should clearly show the entire product and 1-2 images zoom in on the damaged/defective area such that the relevant concern is visible.
The image file size should not exceed 5 MB
Raise A Return Request against your order on the ‘My Orders’ page.
What’s eligible for Return or Replacement?
Defective
 – If the item delivered to you is defective. A defect is the unfortunate result of a flaw in manufacturing, which hinders the intended use of the product (e.g. cracks, nonfunctional, found faulty in operation or installation, etc.). Please note that natural characteristics of the material used, like appearance or texture (especially for solid wood products) are not defects.
Difference
 – If the item delivered to you is different (in dimension, shape, or color) from the item image on our website.
Not Functional
 – If the product delivered to you is dead on arrival, this could occur in items with batteries or requiring electrical sources (appliances, clocks, lights, or bulbs). Please note that only replacements shall be offered.
What’s NOT eligible for Return or Replacement?
Damaged or Missing –
 For any concerns regarding damage, incomplete products, or missing components, such claims are to be highlighted during the time of delivery or assembly (whichever is applicable). Please understand that once the delivery/assembly is completed, we may not be able to accept return requests.
Installation Issues –
 If a product needs installation services (such as a green wall or fountains or special lamps etc.), are not offered by anderbaher.in and therefore, return requests because of the customer’s inability to get the product installed will not be processed.
Relocation
 – After an item has been delivered to you in perfect condition, in the event of the subsequent dismantling of the item for relocation, reassembly, etc., please note that anderbaher. in will not be responsible for any damage to the product.
Gift cards or Downloadable software products –
 Products that are not physical items.
Evaluation during Pick-Up
Once we receive the images, the Ander Baher Customer Care team will connect with you within 24 hours.
The return requests are evaluated by the Ander Baher Customer Care team in consultation with the merchant and a technician visit could be scheduled (if required). Please note that the resolution will be provided basis the technician’s evaluation report.
Return pick-up of product will be scheduled basis the evaluation of the technician and your subsequent interaction with our Customer Support representative.
Please retain the original packaging of the product, along with the user manual (if any), warranty slip, and other accessories to ensure a successful pick-up.
A product scheduled for return pick-up will be picked up by the logistic partner of the Brand/Merchant from the original shipping address of the order, within 72 hours of initiation of the return pick-up request.
Only after the confirmed pick-up would we proceed to initiate the refunds or replacements for you. 
Refund Process
Mode Of Refund Payment
Once the item is canceled, the refund is processed after the product has been picked up from the delivery location.
You can choose to get your refund either in the original mode of payment (Credit Card, Debit Card, Net Banking, Digital Wallets, or UPI Account) or to your Ander Baher Credits Wallet.
If you have availed EMI option – in case of a full refund the amount is credited to your original mode of payment. However, in case of partial refunds, the refund is initiated through an NEFT transaction to your bank account so that the remaining EMI is not lapsed. *
Any cashback earned on the order prior to the cancellation will be deducted from Ander Baher’s credits. If the same cashback has been used completely or partially to place another order, the cashback amount will be deducted from the refund amount of the canceled product.
* There can be variations depending on the T&Cs of the financial service provider and the time at which the return is sought.
Refund Timelines
Original Mode Of Payment
Once the refund is initiated, the refund amount gets credited to your selected mode of payment in 7-10 business days. The refund timeline for various modes is provided below.
Credit Card/Debit Card/Net Banking/UPI Account
 – 4-5 Business Days
Offline
 (NEFT) – 7-10 Business Days
Ander Baher Credit Wallet (Within 24 Hours)
 – The fastest way to get refunds is into your Ander Baher Credit Wallet. You can use 100% of the refund credits in your Wallet for your next purchase. The Refund credits are valid for 3 years and are non-transferrable.
Late or missing refunds
If you haven’t received a refund yet, then please check your email for a confirmation from Ander Baher or the vendor about the refund being initiated.
Kindly contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next please contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at 
care@anderbaher.com
.
 
 








Share this:


Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)


Facebook




Click to share on X (Opens in new window)


X


Like this:
Like
 
Loading...
 






















Easy Booking and Payments

PayTm PG / UPI / Netbanking / Cash

Easy Cancellation & Refunds

	100% refund within 3 working days if you cancel 24 hours prior to the booking or the visit could not be completed by our expert as promised.



Professional Services

	Online or in person, our professionals are always at your prompt service. 

 








Legal
 


Certificate of Incorporation


Our Products & Services 






About
 


My Account


My Orders


My Returns






Help
 


Contact Us


FAQ


Privacy Policy


Terms and Conditions






Follow Us
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




Our Google Reviews – 4.9 Stars
 


★★★★★

“Very nice experience, plant delivery was on time and reasonable price, friendly people.”


– Samriddhi Shukla




 








 
© AnderBaher.in (Interext Technologies Pvt. Ltd.) 2025, All rights reserved.




 




 














 






























































%d











